Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
"We cannot solve problems with the kind of thinking we employed when we came up with them." - Albert Einstein
"Learn as if you will live forever, live like you will die tomorrow." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions. Small minds will always do that, but great minds will give you a feeling that you can become great too." - Mark Twain
"When you give joy to other people, you get more joy in return. You should give a good thought to the happiness that you can give out." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"When you change your thoughts, remember to also change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
"It is only when we take chances that our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk we need to take is to become honest." - Walter Anderson
"Nature has given us all the pieces required to achieve exceptional wellness and health, but has left it to us to put these pieces together." - Diane McLaren
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." - Herman Melville
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." - Colin R. Davis
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau
"Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." - Dale Carnegie
"Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. The slogan ‘Press On' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race." - Calvin Coolidge
"There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind." - Mister Rogers
"Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable." - John Wooden
"I never dreamed about success. I worked for it." - Estée Lauder
"Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get." - W. P. Kinsella
"The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty." - Winston Churchill
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." - Will Rogers
You learn more from failure than from success. Don't let it stop you. Failure builds character.
"If you are working on something that you really care about, you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you." - Steve Jobs
"Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterward." - Vernon Sanders Law
"To know how much there is to know is the beginning of learning to live." - Dorothy West
"Goal setting is the secret to a compelling future." - Tony Robbins
"Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus." - Alexander Graham Bell
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it." - Thomas Jefferson
"When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too." - Paulo Coelho
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." - Thomas Edison
"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible." - Tony Robbins
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it." - Steve Jobs
"Women challenge the status quo because we are never it." - Cindy Gallop
"We don't just sit around and wait for other people. We just make, and we do." - Arlan Hamilton
"Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another stepping stone to greatness." - Oprah Winfrey
The strongest actions for a woman is to love herself, be herself and shine amongst those who never believed she could.
"Whenever you see a successful woman, look out for three men who are going out of their way to try to block her." - Yulia Tymoshenko
"Some women choose to follow men, and some choose to follow their dreams. If you're wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn't love you anymore." - Lady Gaga
"The thing women have yet to learn is nobody gives you power. You just take it." -  Roseanne Barr
"If they don't give you a seat at the table, bring a folding chair." - Shirley Chisholm
"I raise up my voice- not so that I can shout, but so that those without a voice can be heard. … We cannot all succeed when half of us are held back." -  Malala Yousafzai
"When a woman becomes her own best friend, life is easier." - Diane Von Furstenberg
"If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman." - Margaret Thatcher
"We need women at all levels, including the top, to change the dynamic, reshape the conversation, to make sure women's voices are heard and heeded, not overlooked and ignored." - Sheryl Sandberg
"It took me quite a long time to develop a voice, and now that I have it, I am not going to be silent." - Madeleine Albright
"Women must learn to play the game as men do." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine." - Ayn Rand
"He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior." - Confucius
"Try not to become a man of success, but rather become a man of value." - Albert Einstein
"One man with courage makes a majority." - Andrew Jackson
"One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes." - Benjamin Disraeli
"A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake." - Confucius Kongzi
"The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way." - Dale Carnegie
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." - David Brinkley
"He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has." - Epictetus
"You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction." - George Lorimer
"Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." - Nelson Mandela
"The most difficult thing is the decision to act; the rest is merely tenacity." - Amelia Earhart
"You'll find that education is just about the only thing lying around loose in this world, and it's about the only thing a fellow can have as much of as he's willing to haul away." - John Graham
"Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new." - Augustine Og Mandino
"It is remarkable how much long-term advantage people like us have gotten by trying to be consistently not stupid, instead of trying to be very intelligent." - Charlie Munger
"You can't be that kid standing at the top of the waterslide, overthinking it. You have to go down the chute." - Tina Fey
"When I believe in something, I'm like a dog with a bone." - Melissa McCarthy
"And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom." - Anaïs Nin
"The standard you walk past is the standard you accept." - David Hurley
"I've searched all the parks in all the cities and found no statues of committees." - Gilbert K. Chesterton
"Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Perfection is not attainable. But if we chase perfection we can catch excellence." - Vince Lombardi
"Get a good idea and stay with it. Dog it, and work at it until it's done right." - Walt Disney
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." - Helen Keller
"The elevator to success is out of order. You'll have to use the stairs, one step at a time." - Joe Girard
"Be a positive energy trampoline- absorb what you need and rebound more back." - Dave Carolan
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing- that's why we recommend it daily." - Zig Ziglar
Work until your bank account looks like a phone number.
"I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying." - Oscar Wilde
"People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day." - Winnie the Pooh
"Life is like a sewer … what you get out of it depends on what you put into it." - Tom Lehrer
"I "Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence win championships." - Michael Jordan
"Individual commitment to a group effort- that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work." - Vince Lombardi
"Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common vision. The ability to direct individual accomplishments toward organizational objectives. It is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results." - Andrew Carnegie
"Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success." - Henry Ford
"Alone we can do so little, together we can do so much." - Helen Keller
"Remember, teamwork begins by building trust. And the only way to do that is to overcome our need for invulnerability." - Patrick Lencioni
"I invite everyone to choose forgiveness rather than division, teamwork over personal ambition." - Jean-Francois Cope
"Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day." - Dalai Lama
"Opportunities don't happen, you create them." - Chris Grosser
"Love your family, work super hard, live your passion." - Gary Vaynerchuk
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
"Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality." - Les Brown
"If you're not positive energy, you're negative energy." - Mark Cuban
"I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." - Stephen R. Covey
"Do the best you can. No one can do more than that." - John Wooden
"If you can dream it, you can do it." - Walt Disney
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes." - William James
"One of the differences between some successful and unsuccessful people is that one group is full of doers, while the other is full of wishers." - Edmond Mbiaka
"I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done." - Lucille Ball
"You cannot plow a field by turning it over in your mind. To begin, begin." - Gordon B. Hinckley.
"When you arise in the morning, think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love." - Marcus Aurelius
"Mondays offer new beginnings 52 times a year!" - David Dweck
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." - Wayne Dyer
"Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier, and healthier life." - Germany Kent
"Friday sees more smiles than any other day of the workweek!" - Kate Summers
"Oh! It's Friday again. Share the love that was missing during the week. In a worthy moment of peace and bliss." - S. O' Sade
"Every Friday, I like to high-five myself for getting through another week on little more than caffeine, willpower, and inappropriate humor." - Nanea Hoffman
"Make a Friday a day to celebrate work well done that you can be proud of, knowing that you just didn't put in time to the next paycheck." - Byron Pulsifer
"When you leave work on Friday, leave work. Don't let technology follow you throughout your weekend (answering text messages and emails). Take a break. You will be more refreshed to begin the workweek if you have had a break." - Catherine Pulsifer
"You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want." - Zig Ziglar
"Inspiration does exist, but it must find you working." - Pablo Picasso
"Don't settle for average. Bring your best to the moment. Then, whether it fails or succeeds, at least you know you gave all you had." - Angela Bassett
"Show up, show up, show up, and after a while the muse shows up, too." - Isabel Allende
"Don't bunt. Aim out of the ballpark. Aim for the company of immortals." - David Ogilvy
"I have stood on a mountain of no's for one yes." - Barbara Elaine Smith
"If you believe something needs to exist, if it's something you want to use yourself, don't let anyone ever stop you from doing it." - Tobias Lütke
"Don't look at your feet to see if you are doing it right. Just dance." - Anne Lamott
"Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago." - Warren Buffet
"True freedom is impossible without a mind made free by discipline." - Mortimer J. Adler
"Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there someday." - A. A. Milne
"There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique. And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and will be lost." - Martha Graham
"Small is not just a stepping stone. Small is a great destination itself." - Jason Fried
"He that can have patience can have what he will." - Benjamin Franklin
"The only one who can tell you ‘you can't win' is you, and you don't have to listen." - Jessica Ennis
"Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there." - Bo Jackson
"Take your victories, whatever they may be, cherish them, use them, but don't settle for them." - Mia Hamm
"Life can be much broader once you discover one simple fact: Everything around you that you call life was made up by people that were no smarter than you. And you can change it, you can influence it. … Once you learn that, you'll never be the same again." - Steve Jobs
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." - Albert Einstein
"What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I have never let my schooling interfere with my education." - Mark Twain
"If you can't yet do great things, do small things in a great way." - Napoleon Hill
"If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse." - Jim Rohn
"Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm." - Abraham Lincoln
"Live out of your imagination, not your history." - Stephen Covey
Do not wait for the perfect time and place to enter, for you are already onstage.
"The greater the difficulty, the more the glory in surmounting it." - Epicurus 
"Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is a quiet voice at the end of the day saying, ‘I will try again tomorrow.'" - Mary Anne Radmacher
"If the decisions you make about where you invest your blood, sweat, and tears are not consistent with the person you aspire to be, you'll never become that person." - Clayton M. Christensen
"Fear of what other people will think is the single most paralyzing dynamic in business and in life. The best moment of my life was the day I realized that I no longer give a damn what anybody thinks. That's enormously liberating and freeing, and it's the only way to live your life and do your business" - Cindy Gallop
"The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible." - Arthur C. Clarke
Worry is a misuse of imagination.
"Courage is the most important of all the virtues because, without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently." - Maya Angelou
"I never look back, darling. It distracts from the now." - Edna Mode
A year from now you will wish you had started today.
"The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind the scenes with everyone else's highlight reel." - Steve Furtick
"Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known." - Carl Sagan
"I will not lose, for even in defeat, there's a valuable lesson learned, so it evens up for me." - Jay-Z
"I do not try to dance better than anyone else. I only try to dance better than myself." - Arianna Huffington
"If you don't risk anything, you risk even more." - Erica Jong
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently." - Henry Ford
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Confucius
"If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change." - Wayne Dyer
"We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity, both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy." - Arthur Ashe
"It's fine to celebrate success, but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure." - Bill Gates
"I can't tell you how many times I've been given a no, only to find that a better, brighter, bigger yes was right around the corner." - Arlan Hamilton
"We need to accept that we won't always make the right decisions, that we'll screw up royally sometimes- understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it's part of success." - Ariana Huffington
"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." - Henry Ford
"You cannot always control what goes on outside. But you can always control what goes on inside." - Wayne Dyer
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"Hustle beats talent when talent doesn't hustle." - Ross Simmonds
"Everything you've ever wanted is sitting on the other side of fear." - George Addair
"The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." - Ayn Rand
"Every strike brings me closer to the next home run." - Babe Ruth
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas Edison
"Don't worry about failure; you only have to be right once." - Drew Houston
"You carry the passport to your own happiness." - Diane Von Furstenberg
"Never let success get to your head, and never let failure get to your heart." - Drake
"Ideation without execution is delusion." - Robin Sharma
"Make sure your worst enemy doesn't live between your own two ears." - Laird Hamilton
"It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"For the great doesn't happen through impulse alone, and is a succession of little things that are brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh
"If we take care of the moments, the years will take care of themselves." - Maria Edgeworth
Resilience is when you address uncertainty with flexibility.
"Sometimes magic is just someone spending more time on something than anyone else might reasonably expect." - Raymond Joseph Teller
"It's not the will to win that matters- everyone has that. It's the will to prepare to win that matters." - Paul Bryant
"As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives." - Henry David Thoreau
"Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway." - Earl Nightingale
True humility is not thinking less of yourself; it is thinking of yourself less.
"The two most important days in your life are the day you're born and the day you find out why." - Mark Twain.
"Nothing ever goes away until it teaches us what we need to know." - Pema Chodron
"We can see through others only when we can see through ourselves." - Bruce Lee
"First, forget inspiration. Habit is more dependable. Habit will sustain you whether you're inspired or not. Habit will help you finish and polish your stories. Inspiration won't. Habit is persistence in practice." - Octavia Butler
"The best way out is always through." - Robert Frost
"The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself- the invisible, inevitable battles inside all of us- that's where it's at." - Jesse Owens
"If there is no struggle, there is no progress." - Frederick Douglass
"Someone will declare, ‘I am the leader!' and expect everyone to get in line and follow him or her to the gates of heaven or hell. My experience is that it doesn't happen that way. Others follow you based on the quality of your actions rather than the magnitude of your declarations." - Bill Walsh
"Courage is like a muscle. We strengthen it by use." - Ruth Gordo
"Relentlessly prune bullshit, don't wait to do things that matter, and savor the time you have. That's what you do when life is short." - Paul Graham
"More is lost by indecision than wrong decision." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever." - Thomas Aquinas
"You can be the ripest, juiciest peach in the world, and there's still going to be somebody who hates peaches." - Dita Von Teese
"Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden." - Cormac McCarthy
"You'll never get bored when you try something new. There's really no limit to what you can do." - Dr. Seuss
"I think it's intoxicating when somebody is so unapologetically who they are." - Don Cheadle
"You can never leave footprints that last if you are always walking on tiptoe." - Leymah Gbowee
"If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one." - Dolly Parton
"If it makes you nervous, you're doing it right." - Childish Gambino
"What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make." - Jane Goodall
"I choose to make the rest of my life the best of my life." - Louise Hay
"In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different." - Coco Chanel
"Anything can make me stop and look and wonder, and sometimes learn." - Kurt Vonnegut
"People's passion and desire for authenticity is strong." - Constance Wu
"A surplus of effort could overcome a deficit of confidence." - Sonia Sotomayor
"Doubt is a killer. You just have to know who you are and what you stand for." - Jennifer Lopez
"No one changes the world who isn't obsessed." - Billie Jean King
"I learned a long time ago that there is something worse than missing the goal, and that's not pulling the trigger." - Mia Hamm
"Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen." - Michael Jordan
Stay in the shadows, until it's time.
"You have to believe in yourself when no one else does." - Serena Williams
"When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go." - Carol Burnett
"The most important thing is to enjoy your life- to be happy- it's all that matters." - Steve Jobs
"Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come without leaving happier." - Mother Teresa
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde
"The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams." - Oprah Winfrey
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying." - Michael Jordan
"You've got to be in it to win it." - Tony Robbins
"It does not matter how slowly you go, as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"Find out who you are and do it on purpose." - Dolly Parton
"For me, becoming isn't about arriving somewhere or achieving a certain aim. I see it instead as forward motion, a means of evolving, a way to reach continuously toward a better self. The journey doesn't end." - Michelle Obama
"Confident people have a way of carrying themselves that makes others attracted to them." - Sofia Vergara
"If you can do what you do best and be happy, you are further along in life than most people." - Leonardo DiCaprio
"You can be everything. You can be the infinite amount of things that people are." - Kesha
"Always go with your passions. Never ask yourself if it's realistic or not." - Deepak Chopra
"When you change your thoughts, remember to also change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
"The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you." - Stephanie Perkins
"By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before." - Edwin Elliot
"Do one thing every day that scares you." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Elliot
"Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this earth to be. Find the truth, live that truth, and everything else will come." - Ellen DeGeneres
"When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves." - Viktor E. Frankl
"If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way." - Napoleon Hill
"Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later." - Og Mandino
"Get busy living or get busy dying." - Stephen King
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on." ―Robert Frost
"You can't help what you feel, but you can help how you behave." ―Margaret Atwood
"No need to hurry. No need to sparkle. No need to be anybody but oneself." ―Virginia Woolf
"Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think." - A. A. Milne
"Failure is a great teacher and, if you are open to it, every mistake has a lesson to offer." - Oprah Winfrey
"If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one." - Dolly Parton
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today."- Will Rogers
"Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about." - Marilyn Monroe
"Be persistent and never give up hope." - George Lucas
"When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too." - Paulo Coelho
"Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail." - Charles Kettering
"There are so many great things in life; why dwell on negativity?" - Zendaya
"Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open." - John Barrymore
"Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else." - Margaret Mead
"Keep your face towards the sunshine and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
"A problem is a chance for you to do your best." - Duke Ellington
"You don't always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go and see what happens." - Mandy Hale
"Nothing is impossible. The word itself says ‘I'm possible!'" - Audrey Hepburn
"Life does not have to be perfect to be wonderful." - Annette Funicello
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." - Aristotle
"The best way out is through." - Robert Frost
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
"Whether you think you can or you can't, you're right." - Henry Ford
"Don't take yourself too seriously. Know when to laugh at yourself, and find a way to laugh at obstacles that inevitably present themselves." - Halle Bailey
"Love the life you live. Live the life you love." - Bob Marley
"Keep your face towards the sunshine and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I'm not going to continue knocking that old door that doesn't open for me. I'm going to create my own door and walk through that." - Ava DuVernay
"If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change." - Wayne Dyer
"I believe that if you'll just stand up and go, life will open up for you. Something just motivates you to keep moving." - Tina Turner
"Once you face your fear, nothing is ever as hard as you think." - Olivia Newton-John
"Next time, ask ‘What's the worst that will happen?' Then push yourself a little further than you dare." - Audre Lorde
"Dreams do not come true just because you dream them. It's hard work that makes things happen. It's hard work that creates change." - Shonda Rhimes
"Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality." - Malala Yousafzai
"You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated." - Maya Angelou
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Take the time to enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things." - Robert Brault
"The future is not something we enter. The future is something we create." - Leonard I. Sweet
"Life has got those twists and turns. You've got to hold on tight and off you go." - Nicole Kidman
"The future belongs to those who prepare for it today." - Malcolm X
"Don't wait around for other people to be happy for you. Any happiness you get you've got to make yourself." - Alice Walker
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"Life is a long lesson in humility." - James M. Barrie
"You define your own life. Don't let other people write your script." - Oprah Winfrey
"We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us." - Joseph Campbell
"We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give." - Winston Churchill
"Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to the error that counts." - Nikki Giovanni
"When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be." - Lao Tzu
"Ignore your mistakes. The number one thing to worry about is: Am I doing what I'm good at?" - Max Levchin
"If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary." - Jim Rohn
"Life has no limitations, except the ones you make." - Les Brown
"In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
"You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them." - Maya Angelou
"Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning." - Gloria Steinem
"We become what we think about most of the time." - Earl Nightingale
"Life is very interesting…in the end, some of your greatest pains become your greatest strengths." - Drew Barrymore
"Life is a daring adventure or it is nothing at all." - Helen Keller
"I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Life is made of ever so many partings welded together." - Charles Dickens
"My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there." - Charles Kettering
"Life is what happens to you when you are busy making other plans." - John Lennon
"Yesterday is but today's memory and tomorrow is today's dream." - Khalil Gibran
"It's amazing how a little tomorrow can make up for a whole lot of yesterday." - John Guare
"Success is falling nine times and getting up 10." - Jon Bon Jovi
"Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failures are two of the surest stepping stones to success." - Dale Carnegie
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"Before anything else, preparation is the key to success." - Alexander Graham Bell
"Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in." - Bill Bradley
"If you don't have any shadows you're not in the light." - Lady Gaga
"There are no regrets in life. Just lessons." - Jennifer Aniston
"Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." - Henry Ford
"If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it." - Margaret Fuller
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
"How dare you settle for less when the world made it so easy for you to be remarkable?" - Seth Godin
"Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
"We cannot solve problems with the kind of thinking we employed when we came up with them." - Albert Einstein
"It's always better to shock people and change people's expectations than to give them exactly what they think you can do." - Jonah Hill
"And when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you achieve it." - Paulo Coelho
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." - Herman Melville
"Don't worry about failure, you only have to be right once." - Drew Houston
"Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards." - Vernon Sanders Law
"Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
"Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm." - Abraham Lincoln
"I'm not going to continue knocking on that old door that doesn't open for me. I'm going to create my own door and walk through that." - W.P. Kinsella
"For the great doesn't happen through impulse alone, and is a succession of little things that are brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh
"Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"It's a good place when all you have is hope and not expectations." - Danny Boyle
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." - Thomas A. Edison
"Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game." - Babe Ruth
"If you live long enough, you'll make mistakes. But if you learn from them, you'll be a better person." - Bill Clinton
"To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone, and a funnybone." - Reba McEntire
"You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need." - Vernon Howard
"Living might mean taking chances, but they're worth taking." - Lee Ann Womack
"The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them." - Paulo Coelho
"Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"There is no perfection, only life." - Milan Kundera
"I go to seek a Great Perhaps." - François Rabelais
"My wish for you is that you continue. Continue to be who you are, to astonish a mean world with your acts of kindness." - Maya Angelou
"The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much." - William Hazlitt
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." - Mae West
"There is no passion to be found playing small- in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living." - Nelson Mandela
"The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The great courageous act that we must all do is to have the courage to step out of our history and past so that we can live our dreams." - Oprah Winfrey
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
"If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of." - Bruce Lee
"We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from life." - William Osler
"Be where you are; otherwise you will miss your life." -  Buddha
"The purpose of life is a life of purpose." - Robert Byrne
"We pass through this world but once." - Stephen Jay Gould
"Life isn't a matter of milestones, but of moments." - Rose Kennedy
"One of the deep secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others." - Lewis Carroll
"Life is tough my darling, but so are you." - Stephanie Bennett Henry
"There's love enough in this world for everybody, if people will just look." - Kurt Vonnegut
"Whatever we are, whatever we make of ourselves, is all we will ever have- and that, in its profound simplicity, is the meaning of life." ―Philip Appleman
"In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit." - Anne Frank
"Living an experience, a particular fate, is accepting it fully." - Albert Camus
"So, what if, instead of thinking about solving your whole life, you just think about adding additional good things. One at a time. Just let your pile of good things grow." - Rainbow Rowell
"Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain." - Vivian Greene
"The new dawn blooms as we free it. For there is always light if only we're brave enough to see it, if only we're brave enough to be it." - Amanda Gorman
"There is not one big cosmic meaning for all; there is only the meaning we each give to our life, an individual meaning, an individual plot, like an individual novel, a book for each person." - Anais Nin
"The mystery of life isn't a problem to solve, but a reality to experience." - Frank Herbert
"To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance." - Oscar Wilde
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. -Steve Jobs
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. -Oprah Winfrey
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success. -James Cameron
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one. -John Lennon
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. -Mother Teresa
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that. -Martin Luther King Jr.
Do one thing every day that scares you. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Well done is better than well said. -Benjamin Franklin
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. -Aristotle
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. -Oscar Wilde
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier." - Mother Teresa
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that." -Martin Luther King Jr.
"Do one thing every day that scares you." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Well done is better than well said." - Benjamin Franklin
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart." - Helen Keller
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." - Aristotle
"Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde
You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated. -Maya Angelou
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined. -Henry David Thoreau
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. -Abraham Lincoln
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. -Babe Ruth
In this life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas A. Edison
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. -Dr. Seuss
"If life were predictable, it would cease to be life and be without flavor." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"In the end, it‘s not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
"Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated." - Maya Angelou
"Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game." - Babe Ruth
"Life is never fair, and perhaps it is a good thing for most of us that it is not." - Oscar Wilde
"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin." - Tony Robbins
"In this life, we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love." - Mother Teresa
"Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile." - Albert Einstein
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." - Dalai Lama
"You may say I‘m a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one." - John Lennon
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." - Mae West
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Don't worry when you are not recognized but strive to be worthy of recognition." - Abraham Lincoln
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." - Confucius
"May you live all the days of your life." - Jonathan Swift
"Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale." - Hans Christian Andersen
"Do not let making a living prevent you from making a life." - John Wooden
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined." - Henry David Thoreau
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. -Helen Keller
Life is a long lesson in humility. -James M. Barrie
In three words, I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. -Robert Frost
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. -Dr. Seuss
Life is made of ever so many partings welded together. -Charles Dickens
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma -  which is living with the results of other people's thinking. -Steve Jobs
Life is trying things to see if they work. -Ray Bradbury
"Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about." - Marilyn Monroe
"In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer." - Albert Camus
"In three words, I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." - Robert Frost
"So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Life is either a daring adventure or nothing." - Helen Keller
"You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose." - Dr. Seuss
"Life is made of ever so many partings welded together." - Charles Dickens
"Your time is limited, so don‘t waste it living someone else's life. Don‘t be trapped by dogma -  which is living with the results of other people's thinking." - Steve Jobs
"Life is trying things to see if they work." - Ray Bradbury
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." - Thomas A. Edison
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that count. -Winston S. Churchill
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. -Henry David Thoreau
If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up. -J.M. Power
If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time. -Steve Jobs
The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well. -John D. Rockefeller Jr.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. -Thomas Jefferson
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
"The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well." - John D. Rockefeller Jr.
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." - Thomas Jefferson
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that count." - Winston S. Churchill
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
"Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember -  the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you." - Zig Ziglar
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau
"Everything you can imagine is real." - Pablo Picasso
"If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up." - J.M. Power
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure." - Colin Powell
"The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won‘t. It's whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere." - Barack Obama
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." - Herman Melville
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." - Colin R. Davis
"Always remember, your focus determines your reality." - George Lucas
"If you set your goals ridiculously high and it‘s a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success." - James Cameron
"If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time." - Steve Jobs
"To be successful, you have to be selfish, or else you will never achieve. And once you get to your highest level, then you have to be unselfish." - Michael Jordan
"Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine." - Nikola Tesla
"Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value." - Albert Einstein
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
"Leave nothing for tomorrow which can be done today." - Abraham Lincoln
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"When you undervalue what you do, the world will undervalue who you are." - Oprah Winfrey
"If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work." - Thomas J. Watson
"If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it -  teach yourself to be impatient." -Gurbaksh Chahal
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." - Vidal Sassoon
"If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary." - Jim Rohn
"Before anything else, preparation is the key to success." - Alexander Graham Bell
"In playing ball and in life, a person occasionally gets the opportunity to do something great. When that time comes, only two things matter: being prepared to seize the moment and having the courage to take your best swing." - Hank Aaron
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. -Wayne Gretzky
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right. -Henry Ford
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear. -Rosa Parks
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples. -Mother Teresa
"Believe you can, and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." - Maya Angelou
"The question isn‘t who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." - Ayn Rand
"Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is." - Vince Lombardi
"Whether you think you can or you think you can‘t, you're right." - Henry Ford
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples." - Mother Teresa
"You become what you believe." - Oprah Winfrey
"The most difficult thing is the decision to act; the rest is merely tenacity." - Amelia Earhart
"How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." - Anne Frank
"An unexamined life is not worth living." - Socrates
"Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear." - George Addair
"Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
"Courage is grace under pressure." - Ernest Hemingway
"It is still best to be honest and truthful; to make the most of what we have; to be happy with simple pleasures; and have courage when things go wrong." - Laura Ingalls Wilder
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, ‘I‘m possible!'" - Audrey Hepburn
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"Don't find fault, find a remedy: anyone can complain." - Henry Ford
"A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on." - John F. Kennedy
"I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear." - Rosa Parks
"I didn't fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong." - Benjamin Franklin
"If you‘re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on." - Sheryl Sandberg
"With great power comes great responsibility." - Stan Lee
"I would rather die of passion than of boredom." - Vincent van Gogh
"If you look at what you have in life, you‘ll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough." - Oprah Winfrey
"Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning." - Gloria Steinem
"Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve." - Napoleon Hill
"First, have a definite, clear, practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends: wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end." - Aristotle
"Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So, throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover." - Mark Twain
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor. -Elon Musk
We cannot solve problems with the kind of thinking we employed when we came up with them. -Albert Einstein
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win. -Mahatma Gandhi
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one. -George Washington
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. -John Quincy Adams
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in. -Andrew Jackson
I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance. -Steve Jobs
"The biggest risk is not taking any risk... In a world that is changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks." - Mark Zuckerberg
"Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment." - Oprah Winfrey
"You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing and by falling over." - Richard Branson
"It's fine to celebrate success, but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure." - Bill Gates
"High expectations are the key to everything." - Sam Walton
"Don't you dare underestimate the power of your own instinct." - Barbara Corcoran
"Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get." - Ray Kroc
"The difference between successful people and unsuccessful people is that successful people do all the things unsuccessful people don't want to do." - John Paul DeJoria
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
"The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of a mistake." - Meg Whitman
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. -Sam Levenson
Time is money. -Benjamin Franklin
All great achievements require time. -Maya Angelou
Time waits for no one. -Unknown Author
The trouble is, you think you have time. -Jack Kornfield
Either you run the day or the day runs you. -Jim Rohn
A goal is a dream with a deadline. -Napoleon Hill
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"Time is money." - Benjamin Franklin
"Time waits for no one." - Unknown Author
"There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing." - Brian Tracy
"All great achievements require time." - Maya Angelou
"You may delay, but time will not." - Benjamin Franklin
"Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time." - Jim Rohn
"The trouble is, you think you have time." - Jack Kornfield
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"Never leave till tomorrow that which you can do today." - Benjamin Franklin
"Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four-hour days." - Zig Ziglar
"A goal is a dream with a deadline." - Napoleon Hill